Hello, everyone.
It's me, virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai.
Today we're gonna play this.
[Quick, Draw!]
You see,
This is a game related to A.I. like me.
You get 20 seconds to draw an illustration of the given topic to let Google's A.I. guess what it is.
I'll let you see for yourselves rather than explaining all of it.
Then, Let's Draw!
Cla... ri...
Clarinet!
♬Clarinet that I got from my papa~♬
Isn't clarinet something that looks like a recorder?
It had holes too... Clarinet....
(A.I. thinking processing...)
Oh, it was something that you press, right? Clarinet....
Like... so...
A.I. "Oh I know, it's clarinet!"
It was like this, right?
OH!
This is it, we have it here.
G... Golf...
Golf club!
Piece of cake.
Wah!
Candle.
Wait, isn't this super easy
I won't really feel accomplished but I'll do it anyway.
Look at me go,
I was genious from the start.
Camo... hu... la... ge
Ka... cya... cya
Cyamo? Kyamo?
Camou...
hu...
Camouflage! Camouflage.
Camouflage!
Camouflage...
lot of grass...
growing...
Put a sheet down here...
Like this... like it's blending in with the background...
Just guess it already.
Isn't this A.I. stupid?
Oh, did I get it?
A...m...
"Ambalance."
A...am...
b...
"Unbalance"(?)
"Unbalance" is...?
Un...balan.
Unbalance.
How is it,
it's unbalanced.
How is it? Ta da!
Ah, this A.I. is rubbish.
Useless...
He... Helico...
Helicopter!
Heli... copter...
It's like this, right?
Oh?
Ohh~
Oh! Ah!
Eh? Camouflage was no good.
Hey, but it's still a decent score, isn't it?
4 out of 6 correct.
Also, if you click one of these...
You can see what the others
...have drawn.
What are these?
Garbage?
Yeah, this is garbage, definitely.
Unbalance is...
Oh!
[X Unbalance]
[O Ambulance]
Ambulance!
[X Unbalance]
[O Ambulance]
Well, I did that on purpose.
Someone could hate me
if I got all of it in the first go.
Let's do this again.
This round is going to be the perfect round.
Tree.
It's tree. Tree.
This is easy peasy.
Here, tree.
Eh?
Tree!
This is tree. No matter how you look at it!
It's tree, right? Tree!
Potato, potato...
Potato....
Oh~
Post... postcard...
Isn't postcard more difficult than the other ones?
Postcard?
Eh, postcard...
Is this no good?
Postcar...
Alright, alright, alright.
Whulip... whulo... Whulops.
Like a whiteboard?
Whlip...
Whiteboard...
How's this.
It's a whiteboard. A whiteboard.
This is a whiteboard. A whiteboard.
Hello?
Anyone there?
Yep.
Bi... bildo?
Bir... Bildo...
Bur... bi...
Buildo.
Buildo... Building(!?)
If I say building, it's building.
It's a building~
Hello?
It's a building.
Is this A.I. okay...?(Self damage)
I would like to share some of my intelligence.
Su... Sui... to
Ka... say
Sweet corn. Yep.
Sweet corn~
It's sweet corn.
Hello?
It's corn.
Behold!
I got only 1 out of 6 right.
Eh? Tree was...
This is... tree.
Wait, wait. My drawing is much superior.
Everyone has drawn these garbage trees...
I mean come on...
What about postcard?
Wait...
Clearly mine is--
is the superior one, is it not?
Eh?
This is?
Flip...
Ah!
Hm? Wooden sandals?
Slippers!
Flip flops (Rubber sandals with a strap)
Oh, sandals!
I see.
I guess that's one way of viewing it.
This is... ah.
Bird.
(Laughter)
Oh my, my apologies...
This is definitely my mistake.
Sorry about that.
How about the sweet corn?
What is this, a bag?
A 'bag' is called a bag, isn't it?
Suitcase!
Huh... I see.
Well... I can see that being the case...
Tears... Round 1 of tears.
I'm going to do it!
Pencil!
It's easy. Pencil.
Pencil...
Ohh...
[Flag?]
What's this. Flag, it's a flag, right?
Behold!
This is a flag.
You see... this A.I. is a bit...
Hey... Hey... the entire answer to the question is literally hanging... in front of you.
A... aspa....
Asparagus!
Oh~
Rainbow!
Rainbow's easy. It's a rainbow, a rainbow.
Oh~
Ga...
Garden!
Garden, you say?
Eh? This is a garden.
Hello?
Oh! Oh?
How did I just do?
Hot dog!
Let's go hot dog.
Oh!
Oh
Haah! Eh?
Flag!
Flag
Ah!
Frog is... called [Frog].
X Flag
O Frog
Frog is... called [Frog].
Well, I got smarter by looking this.
I'm a Japanese... only user.
It's only natural that I can't do English.
This... 5 out of 6 score is an amazing score, everyone.
Okay?
Well I've got nothing to say now...
Yes, I admit. I can't speak English.
I'll study English. English...
Hau ah yuu? Halo?
Naischu meechu?
Now the tears...
Another round of tears... Here we go.
The goal is to get a perfect score.
Mou...
chi...
Mo
u...
Moo...
Cow(!?
It's a cow.
It said 'mou' so it's cow, cow.
How's this?
It's quite a cute...
cow, is it not?
Was that no good?
Mou! It said mou so it's cow.
I don't think I can be friends with this A.I.
Dog!
It's dog.
While I was playing this, I've realized something.
It's effective to draw rather simply... to a degree to make this A.I. understand.
How's this?
Eh? How was that?
Safe, safe.
Tro...
Trom....
Toumorokoshi
*Corn
Yep
Second time today.
We've had sweet corn...
and now, toumorokoshi...
It's got this corn beard...
How is it?
It's quite a corn, wouldn't you say?
How is it? Ohahow..?
Spi...
do...
er...
Su?
Spi...
Spi...!
dwe...
Speed deru
*Gain speed
Gain speed...
Car(!
Gain speed = Car
English is actually pretty simple. (Satisfied)
Speed deru, they say. Speed deru...
Speed deru!
How is this?
It looks speedy, right?
Eh? Was it no good?
Croco...
Crocodile!
It's that.
The...
Crocodile
It's crocodile, crocodile.
Crocodile!
Croco...dile...
Crocodile
Hey, isn't this cute? In some way...
(Laughter)
Crocodile! Was crocodile no good?
It was crocodile, right?
Crocodile.
Van.
Ban.
When people say ban, they're talking about me.
※Ai's channel was banned
from Youtube not too long ago.
When people say ban, they're talking about me.
※Ai's channel was banned
from Youtube not too long ago.
Ban...
So I just need to draw myself.
If you say ban...
It's Kizuna Ai.
Agh! It's so hard to draw, myself!
Behold!
Shoot!
Tada.
Wait!
Wait a second.
I mean...
I admit, there were some strange stuff I drew...
but crocodile! Isn't this a bit... cute...?
It's got it's characteristics, has it not?
Like...
Why are these... weird... something... lizards are...
These unidentifiable ones are okay...
but this is not?
I personally thought this was quite the masterpiece.
Well, that doesn't mean anything
In front of these un-artistic...
How pitiful...
Spider!
Was this spider?
What was the topic again?
Spider... is...
Spider!
X Speed deru
O Spider
Spider!
X Speed deru
O Spider
I see!
X Speed deru
O Spider
Ah but isn't it kinda similar?
The... spider and the car.
Was my ban wrong too?
BAN
Ah!
X BAN = Me
O VAN (Locomotive)
Van!
X BAN = Me
O VAN (Locomotive)
It's a car. Truck...
Ah... the topic...
IF these* were in the other's spot...
(*number 4 and 6)
There could have been a possibility.
How about toumorokoshi?
Corn...
Trumpet!?
Trombone!
X Toumorokoshi
O Trombone
How about cow?
Hm? Lips?
Lips? Aren't lips [Lips]?
Mouth.
X Mou~ = Cow
O Mouth
Is that so...
X Mou~ = Cow
O Mouth
Haah... Lemme practice my English.
Then we'll do a revenge match in a few years.
I'll be... spitting English like a gatling gun.
I'm aiming to spread my name all over the world.
*sob*
Then...
That's it for today.
If you like what you saw, definitely give it a go!
If you get... a perfect score
I'll...
clap... for you.
I'll wait for your response.
Don't use a translator.
That's cheating.
Then... Let us meet again someday!
Bye bye!